Conditional execution:
 a block of one or more statements will be executed if a certain expression is true
Repetitive execution: 
    a block of one or more statements will be repetitively executed as long as a certain expression is true. 
    In this section, we will cover if, else , else if statements.
     The comparison and logical operators we learned in the previous sections will be useful in here.

     if:-In JavaScript and other programming languages the key word if is to used check if a condition is true and to execute the block code.
          To create an if condition, we need if keyword, condition inside a parenthesis and block of code inside a curly bracket({}).
     else:-
     If condition is true the first block will be executed, if not the else condition will be executed.
     if else:-
     On our daily life, we make decisions on daily basis. We make decisions not by checking one or two conditions instead we make decisions based on multiple conditions. 
     As similar to our daily life, programming is also full of conditions. 
     We use else if when we have multiple conditions.


     switch:-
     Switch is an alternative for if else if else else. 
     The switch statement starts with a switch keyword followed by a parenthesis and code block.
     Inside the code block we will have different cases.
     Case block runs if the value in the switch statement parenthesis matches with the case value. 
     The break statement is to terminate execution so the code execution does not go down after the condition is satisfied. 
     The default block runs if all the cases don't satisfy the condition

     ternery:-
     Another way to write conditionals is using ternary operators.
    We have covered this in other sections, but we should also mention it here.



different betwwen in ifelse else if:-
Use if to specify a block of code to be executed, if a specified condition is true.
Use else to specify a block of code to be executed, if the same condition is false.
Use else if to specify a new condition to test, if the first condition is false.


different between in ifelse and switch
1	This statement is executed based on the condition inside the if-else statement.	
    Switch statements execute as per the user decision.
2   if else  need to use multiple statements for numerous decisions(અસંખ્ય નિર્ણયો).
    switch need to use a single statement for numerous decisions.
3	This statement is used to choose between two options.	
    This statement is used to choose among multiple options.
4	If-else enforces linear search.	
    Switch statement enforces binary search.
5	The if-else statement estimates integers, characters, floating points, and boolean types.
	The switch statement estimates integers and character expressions.
6	One statement will be executed. It can be if or else.	
    Switch case will be executed one after the other.
7	In if-else, the values are based on conditions.	
    In the switch case, the values are based on user preference.
8	In case, the situation gets false in the if statement, it will automatically execute the else statement.	
    In any situation, if the switch statement does not find any match, the default condition is executed if created.
9	It is hard to modify if-else statements.
	It is easy to modify the switch case.

Linear search is a search that finds an element in the list by searching the element sequentially until the element is found in the list
Binary search is finds the position of the searched element by finding the middle element of the array

JavaScript runner in browser system
v8 = chrome, safari
SpiderMonkey  = firefox